Is this the Canglong Realm?
Exactly.
This is the Canglong Realm that only dragon commanders of all dynasties can possess
Is it really Long Shuai?
drive
Ah ah this
What's going on here?
How is that possible?
How could there be those of Chu Cheng's father in the Hall of the Ghost?
That's right and
This hall of ghosts
It seems that it is specially for Chu Cheng's father
Same preparation
Parents
I just understand now
I told you so.
This hall of ghosts was changed for your father
Don't let him fool you.
This is all a game that Truman did in advance
Don't you understand what the game means?
Chu Chen not only pads the house real dragon baby partial door
And sneaked into the Hall of the Dead
Shooting shook the mourning hall
For hundreds of years
This Hall of Shadows has never set up a mourning hall
This happened today.
It's a coincidence.
Could it be that it really belongs to the Feng family?
It's Chu Chen who is cheating
Yes, it must be
The four families got it
Kill this man for me to appease the wrath of the dragon
I didn't expect it.
Rabbit Chan was removed again today
I'm afraid it's you, hahaha, in that case
I had to clean up yours first
Don't be cowardly for your father's illness